Mrk 940 prepare for production (#928)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/inbox/prepare-for-production.mdx

---
pageTitle: 'Prepare for Production'
title: 'Prepare for Production'

> description: 'Learn how to prepare your Inbox for production by enabling HMAC encryption for security and managing your branding.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to prepare your Inbox for production by enabling HMAC encryption for security and managing Novu's branding.'
```

icon: 'ShieldCheck'
---

Before deploying the Inbox UI to production, you should secure your integration and configure the correct environment. You can also remove Novu's branding from your notifications.

This ensures that your end users receive notifications safely, without exposure to unnecessary risks, and in a way that aligns with your product branding.

## Set the correct environment

Novu supports multiple environments, including development, production, and any custom environments you create.

When preparing for deployment, choose the environment that will serve as your production environment and update your configuration accordingly:

- Use the API keys for your selected production environment from the [API Keys](https://dashboard.novu.co/api-keys) page in your application.
- Store keys in `.env` file or your server’s environment variables.

> - Confirm your `applicationIdentifier` and `subscriberId` match the configuration for your chosen production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm your `applicationIdentifier` and `subscriber` match the configuration for your chosen production environment.

- Add these two props, if using the EU region:
  -`apiUrl` with value "https://eu.api.novu.co" 
  -`socketUrl` with value "wss://eu.socket.novu.co"
```
